#summary How to use ZgeSL library in ZGameEditor project

= Usage CML in ZGameEditor project =

  # Open an ZGE project.
  # Include {{{ZExternalLibrary}}} components for ZgeSL, MCI and CML to the {{{OnLoaded}}} section of {{{ZApplication}}}. All can be copied from the demos\player.zgeproj project.
  # Use the {{{musicInit}}} function to initialize the library. Usually it is placed to the {{{OnLoaded}}} section.
  # Use the {{{musicExit}}} function to release allocated resources. Usually it is placed to the {{{OnClose}}} section.
  # Play the music file or URI by {{{musicPlayFile}}} function, stop playing by {{{musicStop)}}} function.
  # Other functions can be used arbitrary to pause and resume playing ({{{musicPause}}}, {{{musicResume}}}), set volume ({{{musicSetVolume}}}), set panning ({{{musicSetPanning}}}), get duration ({{{musicGetDuration}}}), get playing status ({{{musicGetStatus}}}), get playing position ({{{musicGetPosition}}}), or set playing position ({{{musicSetPosition}}}).

For examples of usage ZgeSL in ZGE projects, download the demo application from [http://googledrive.com/host/0BxwfQ8la88ouM0NnQVZ3dHBMT2c/ here].

= Opening files on Android =

Use the following file names in the {{{musicPlayFile}}} call:

  * if the {{{<file>}}} is included in the application's _assets_ directory, use "{{{<file>}}}", or
  * if the {{{<file>}}} is placed in a {{{<directory>}}} on SDCARD, use "{{{file://sdcard/<directory>/<file>}}}", or
  * if the file is opened from {{{<uri>}}} Internet address, use "{{{<uri>}}}".

= Compiling Windows application =

Just use one of the Project Windows building menu items.

= Compiling Android application =

  # Compile your Android application, e.g., use _Project / Android: Build APK (debug)_ menu item.
  # Place _libZgeSL.so_ file to the _libs/armeabi_ folder. If the destination device supports the armv7a instruction set, it is recommended to use the library from _armeabi-v7a_ folder. If not and you want to support wider range of devices, use the library from _armeabi_ folder. They both work fine, but the version for armv7a achieves better performance.
  # If you want to bundle mp3 file(s) to the built application, place them to the _assets_ directory.
  # Compile the APK again as in step 1.
  # Deploy the APK file to your Android device and install it in a standard way.

_Note 1: The 1st and 2nd steps are required only when the application is built the first time. After that, a single compilation produces correct APK._

_Note 2: Use the step 2 also in the case when updating to a newer version of the ZgeSL library._